
Reviewer #1: Referee Report for "Cattle, Steaks and Restaurants: Development Accounting when Space Matters" by Karadi and Koren

Summary. This paper presents a cross-city development accounting exercise. The decomposition of the variation in output per worker across cities (urban center + hinterland) and sectors (agriculture, manufacturing, and services) has three components: productivity, land per worker, and "location". This is the innovation: producers in each sector have to choose where to locate with respect to the center of the city (i.e. where consumers are), trading-off trade costs with land rents. The model is calibrated to data on OECD metropolitan areas. The authors find that land and location explain 10-30% of the variation in output per worker across cities.

Comment. I like this paper; it is interesting and well written. Additionally, it is already very polished. I like the idea of development accounting including location at the city level. I have only one major comment/clarification for the authors. In the model, for what I understood, the assumption is of perfect mobility of labor across cities so that labor markets clear at the country level ("We take labor to be freely mobile within the country"). In the calibration, however, I think the assumption is of no labor mobility and of no good mobility: "We assume that cities are in autarky so that we can analyze them separately." (Inspecting the equilibrium conditions in the algorithm description, wages have the city subscript, Wc, not country). If these are the two assumptions on mobility (trade and migration), the model reverts to one of a collection of closed economies, each with three sectors and "locations". 
My sense is that these assumptions are biasing the results at the city level. Can the authors give a sense of how much these assumptions affect the results? Can they provide evidence supporting them? Can they evaluate pros/cons of having/lacking then? My guess is that labor immobility may be easier to justify than goods immobility across cities. With trade balance at the city level, however, it might not be difficult to extend the model to trade across cities (it is true, however, that within-country trade is not observable for most countries in the sample). The assumption on labor immobility can be relaxed using an underlying Roy model in which workers are heterogeneous and have "productivity", or "preference", draws across cities (from a Frechet) and decide where to locate.